Uncles
Is that or what?
Of course, continue to support your father
I wish you were like our daughter
How could we do it?
I'm sorry about my daughter.
We concentrated for the good of the blue cloud.
We are also on your side.
Working with you is just a show
Are you serious?
It's ridiculous
Okay, you can really do it.
Sun Kuo
Now several uncles are on my side
You have no chance
Do you want to continue this shareholder meeting?
Go ahead.
Things have come to this point, of course they have to continue?
Is it hahaha?
Niece, do you think you're sure to win?
Did you forget someone?
Who is the person you are talking about?
Who's that?
That's the one.
Xu Jianren
Xu Ershao
He still has 15% of the shares in his hands
Since it is a 15% stake in Xu Ershao
This is too scary
I never imagined that Sun Ming could really make an order.
That's terrible.
Xu Jianren
What is he
Sister Yue, do you remember what I told you this afternoon?
What you say is true, naturally it is true.
The father and son will end badly